## What software are we creating?
We are creating and designing a Sales Finder AI Agent to search through the history of previous purchases made by Liminal account holders to determine what the cheapest purchases would be for them. The agent will determine the best possible profit for the user and help them to make the best choice they can on purchases and investments. We will split the workload of the program into 4 sections: a receipt reader to retrieve information on previous purchases, a competitor finder to determine similar products produced by other companies, then a product comparator to determine the user of potential benefits this product would have over the found products, then sends the information to another AI that prints this information to Liminal's chat system in an easy and readable interface.
## What is the aim of our project?
We aim to create a project that aligns with the values of the users by respecting user consent, privacy and transparency. We also aim to ensure the project and software is used ethically and can suggest ethical responses to ensure the purchases made by the user are not dubious or unsafe. Furthermore, we aim to develop a project that will evaluate the use of blockchain-based banking methods for sales finding to show that implementing uses of artificial intelligence into banking systems can help improve efficiency and workload needed to be done by companies selling products and users using bank servicing apps to make transactions, which will be useful in the long haul as more time can be allocated to other important assets than sales such as secure purchasing and decentralisation. 
## What are our goals?
One of our goals includes creating and finalising this project in a professional manner which can be adapted to the liking of the clientele and any users. While we likely will not have the time for user feedback, we wish to implement it up to the stage where customers can use it and it can be easily adapted by a second-party. Another goal of ours is to make the program easy to understand and to almost eliminate the need for personal research and the doubt created by self research and uncertainty, helping transactions for the user go more smoothly and giving them reassurance that they are making a reliably chosen purchase. A further goal of ours is to gain knowledge and understand the generic concept behind the patterns created by sales in block-chain banking and ensure we can apply a robust system that efficiently analyses patterns in sales made by companies to promote the cheapest and most reliably sourced products in comparison to the lesser-known or ambiguous companies, allowing for ease of purchase and transactions to be made by the user. 
## How will this help customers?

## What issues did we encounter?
issues connecting to api, wifi issues, named it wrong instead of env and spent 3 hours on it
## What flaws are in our final project and what could we improve?